This weird-looking computer replaced my
most annoying subscriptions. [music]
There's more storage here than I can use
in my entire lifetime, and I can access
it from anywhere in the world. The way
I've done this is with something called
self-hosting. To explain what it is
simply, when you use apps like Dropbox
or Google Photos, you're essentially
just connecting your computer to another
computer in that company's [music]
office. So, obviously, you have to keep
paying monthly because they have to do a
bunch of stuff with that. Like, they
have to pay the electricity, they have
to clean it, they have to make sure
nothing's broken. The upside for you is
that you don't have to think about it.
They do all the maintenance, they handle
the storage unit. But, the downside is
they can raise their prices whenever
they want, they often get hacked, and
you have very little control over your
own data. Over time, you might have
redundant subscriptions. Like, you might
have a Google Photos subscription
[music] and an Apple Photos subscription
if you switch devices. So, self-hosting
is basically you owning your own storage
unit versus renting [music] one. So,
there are photos apps or there are media
apps where you can watch movies and TV
shows that you have on your computer,
and the only thing that you have to do
is to keep your computer running.